OK, welcome to the second
session. So as a reminder,
you're going to see two types of
pictures. It's either going to
be a complex scene or a series
of picture for a graphic novel.
And the purpose of this this
study is to select words for
naming treatments.
So then the more detailed your
description is, the more helpful
it is for us to create those
targets. OK, OK. So this is your
next item. It's going to be a
series of picture, a graphic
novel, please.
They tell a story, so please
describe what you see and what
is happening as you go through
it.
Alright, start start with the
left and then go down and then
snake around up top right. Is
that right? OK.
OK.
#START_arrival_3 I see a boy
standing on the street with a
sign. Looks like it's in
Russian.
{Now do I go down or do I go
right? And then down you go,
right, OK, and then down. OK
then} I see a woman with a cat.
With another woman in the
picture with her. Then there's a
man, looks like he's a vendor on
the street, with an animal.
Looks like a lizard in a in a
basket.
And then I see a man and a woman
look like to be large eggs, and
right below the box of eggs is.
Tale of an animal, animals, I
guess. Maybe a lizard. Then I
see a man.
Looks like a Barber shaving
another man and also there's a
little boy in the picture.
with a snail on the ground, then
I see musicians with little
birds on the ground. A musician,
I see a violinist, and it looks
like to be a some sort of tuba
or saxophone.
And then I see
Women.
Um, sitting looking at a book.
And then another man is on the
street, looks confused, and he's
holding a suitcase.
There's a man looking at a
stopwatch.
Then he looks up in the sky and
he sees a tower with a.
Looks to be like a sun design.
And then I see the man with the
suitcase walking across the
street.
And then the man looks up and it
looks like.
It's looks like it's snowing or
some sort of light that he sees.
It could be bad weather because
it's hat has blown off his head.
He's picking up his hat and it
looks like he's looking for
directions.
Moving to the next page, he's
looking at a book with a
suitcase.
With the ground, there's a bunch
of arrows, looks to be
directions. You know, he's
looking at the book. And then
there's a man. Looks like a
religious priest talking to the
man.
And he's pointing to a bed that
the priest looks like he knows
where to send them.
They're talking again down
below, and the priest has a
animal in his basket.
And it looks like
the man with the suitcase is
following him. #END_arrival_3
OK. So that was that part of
the graphic novel and we'll move
on to another part, another
item. Sorry
Alright, I'll see you. Bye.
Sorry, saying goodbye.
OK.
Hold on one second. Could you,
could you text me when you're
coming back, Lynn? OK. Thanks.
All right. Wow, this is this is
big.
#START_exhibit_12 OK, looks like
some sort of art exhibit.
Or gallery.
Umm.
I'm trying to figure out why the
people on the ladder were the
question marks.
Yeah, it looks like a lot of
artwork.
Crowded gallery people are
looking.
Standing around a lot of
different characters.
I I see a man doing wallpaper
putting up a large sized
wallpaper.
I see a horse, a knight.
Um, women.
Vendors.
Very crowded art gallery, or
show.
Um.
Looks like some people are even
taking some of the artwork down
there. Pictures are a little bit
of everything, a man and a
woman.
Men and women.
A clown.
Knights man in a suit.
It's part of the picture. Fish,
animals, a bunch of everything.
Man with a megaphone.
A queen or Princess and a king.
Just a bunch of people.
Looking the looks to be a crowd,
there's policeman, I don't know,
somebody stealing the artwork.
It's stealing an artwork of a of
a picture of a of a king.
The policemen look like they're
running after them.
Umm.
Again, just a bunch of
everything. Bellboys, hotel
workers.
Policeman.
Indian chiefs. #END_exhibit_12
Yeah, that's about it, I
guess.
OK. So moving on.
It's another complex scene.
#START_airport OK, it's an
airport scene.
Jumbo jets.
Blimps.
Umm.
every kind of airplane,
old-fashioned airplane, jet
airplane, rockets, looks like,
even like a spaceship.
People boarding on a bus.
Looks like some of the.
I see a luggage carrier bringing
luggage to the airplane gassing
up.
Fire department putting out a
fire.
They're playing with a card. A
playing card. Ace of spades.
A balloon, a helicopter, another
bus, elephants getting onto a
plane.
People standing and people
coming off the plane people. A
man is standing on the plane
looking inside the window.
Luggage workers? Carriers. Looks
like some of them are taking a
break.
People waiting for their baggage
in an airport ready to check in,
check out.
Families.
What else?
I see a shoe, a giant shoe,
couple flags.
{Don't know what all that's
about, but here let me move this
over a little bit. The screen.}
Another airplane with men
falling off the truck and it
looks like they're trying to.
Some people are trying to board
the plane to as well. Looks like
some people fell.
OK. And some people, some, some
workers are just standing on the
plane.
Looks like they're ready to do
work, or they're just relaxing.
Umm.
And I think I see a hockey
player in the background, but I
can't tell if it's a hockey or
lacrosse player.
But back in here. #END_airport
OK, OK. All right. That's
good.
No, we're going to the next
item. It's again a graphic
novel, so they tell a story.
Umm.
OK, let's see what is
happening. #START_flowerman
OK, I see a very dark scene.
Looks like it's cold. There's an
old woman crossing over a small
bridge with an animal. Looks
like she has a suitcase. Then
there's a big ditch with the car
in it.
Looks like the car fell, drove
off the road. I see a gas
station, a bar, a bait shop with
a truck man walking on the
street. I see a man by the gas
station. Looks like he's a gas
station attendant. Ferris wheel
on the back.
A residential area with people
hanging their laundry.
It looks like there's an animal
inside the ditch, but I can't
make out what it is.
OK. And a tent and it looks like
a tent in the background. OK,
OK, like a circus.
I mean, it looks like a woman. I
can't tell it's a woman or man,
but on the street
Looks like there's a couple off
to the left. One looks like
Waldo.
A man with a tank top line.
I see a cafe with some people in
it. Man on the outside, person
on a motorcycle or bike.
Another. It looks like a little
boy walking in the street.
An animal on top of a roof looks
like a monkey.
And then?
Looks like there's a person on
the balcony down below.
OK, so it looks like the woman
is traveling through the city.
Or a man. Now it looks like a
man, OK
Residential area man is walking
on the street. Looks sees the
house for sale.
And there's people in their
windows.
Looks like there's a restaurant
to the left of the man.
A city scene. A man in a window
looks like he's sitting down for
dinner.
Umm.
And other people too, and their
window still looks like a A.
A child with their mother.
It looks like I see an artist
getting ready to paint.
A man and a child by the water
fountain.
See a telescope on top of a one
of the apartments in one of the
buildings.
OK. OK.
woman with a child that looks
like walking into a house.
Hmm.
OK, I see the man he's on. Looks
like he's fixing his shutter for
the house that he saw for sale.
So apparently it looks like
maybe he bought the house or he
is fixing it up. A city scene
with people in the windows again
looks like the daytime now. Man
in a wheelchair, a man on a
little moped.
A woman looks like she's
shopping with a hat.
Couple men walking on the
street.
Looks like a mailman or milkman.
Men and women on the street,
with the little boy still
looking at the fountain.
Another boy and a man or two
boys on the street.
Another man with a mustache.
Walking the street.
The Barber shop.
I see or hair salon on the
second floor.
And it looks like the man that
is on the ladder reflecting the
shutter is doing yard work too.
He looks like he has a lawnmower
out there, so it looks like he
bought the house or is fixing it
up for somebody.
The house is in color,
everything else is in black and
white, along with the tree, the
trees in color.
Same scene as far as people on
the street. Looks like there's a
suspicious guy by the lamppost.
Maybe a robber. It looks like
the man is walking away from his
house or he's tending to the
flowers. Still a lot of people
around. I see a person on a
motorcycle or a moped. I see a
little girl. It looks like she's
in color. So maybe the man has a
a relationship with the little
girl. Maybe that's his
granddaughter or daughter.
Looks like the artist is on his
little balcony there see a
delivery man and dressed in
white little boy by the
fountain. Still looks like a
vendor with a cart with food or
ice cream.
Man and a woman. Excuse me.
Looking out their window,
another woman, heavyset woman
with a cat looking out.
And then another man with a boy.
Or the two boys that were in the
previous picture. They look like
they're up to no good somehow.
And then an old man sitting on a
bench or chair on the corner.
All right.
We're getting more color here.
See telescope with a kitten on
top of the roof and old man
looking out the window. A woman
looking out with a cat out of a
window. A little girl is looks
to be outside the building. That
looks like to be a restaurant or
some kind of bar possibly.
Now I see a clown with the
vending cart.
I see a man with a mustache on
the corner.
Couple people walking more in
the street. I see the older man
now is with a little girl with
glasses.
And the two boys?
They were up on the sidewalk
next to the man.
And it looks like some
somebody's moving out of the
neighborhood. There's movers
taking stuff into the moving van
next to the house with the
that's in color.
Still another man in the window
with a looks to be a bird. Looks
like a girl looking out the
window. She looks sad.
Looks like the house that's
being sold with the furniture
being moved out. I see the
artist still painting man in the
background with another man with
a hat and a girl looking out the
window and I still see the boy
by the fountain.
{OK, OK. Alright, I'm gonna grab
a water real quick. You can give
me a second, OK? Alright.}
Uh, this is a new scene now.
Looks like there's more color
now. Nothing's in black and
white. Everything's in color.
Looks like the old man is having
a good time. He's looked like
he's he's having a barbecue on
his on his front. Everybody
looks happy. I see a couple
dancing. I see a man playing the
guitar. I see a milk truck.
older man is still sitting on on
a chair.
A little boy look inside the
window, boys on the street.
Looks like everybody's having a
good time, everybody's happy.
People in the window still.
Looks like there's to be some
artwork on the sidewalk. There's
an older man walking down the
step from the house that was.
Looks like they were moving.
A man and a woman in a car. Uh,
no, I'm sorry. A man in a car
that looks like in a woman.
large hair next to the car and I
see the artist.
I see the clown.
Alright, and the little boys
playing in the fountain now it
looks like everybody's having a
good time.
Looks like it's getting a little
darker but everything still in
color.
I see a man and a woman sitting
down. I see an older man. The
older man looks like he's
walking away from the house.
People looking out the window
and now I see an older man on
top of the roof of the rooftop
looking telescope with the
little girl.
Another man and a child looking
at uh sitting on top of the
roof.
I see a larger man on top of the
rooftop.
It looks to be holding
something, I can't tell.
The woman in the brick house is
walking down the steps. Look
like she has something, maybe
something to eat. I see boys
running in the street. The boy
that was at the fountain. Now it
looks like he's playing with
some of the other boys. Man in a
wheelchair. Still another boy it
looks like is sitting on a.
Dog playing.
And I see a mother holding a
baby sitting next to a girl,
then an older couple standing
there.
I see an older man, looks like
he's dancing.
I'm noticing not as many people
in their windows now looking out
because I guess it's getting
dark.
And it looks like there's
another cart down here with
flowers and there's a dog on the
street in front of the house.
Um.
That the old man was in.
OK.
Um.
It looks like the man is walking
down the street.
Be quiet on the street there is
a boy that is looking out.
And a man on a motorcycle with
another man next to him.
There's a cafe with a man
standing outside the cafe with a
hat on, and then a couple is in
a window and they are. Looks
like they're hugging or they're
dancing. Not too much else is
going on. There's a family,
looks like a little boy, a man
and a woman on their balcony,
and the older man is walking
away.
down the street.
Now we're back to black and
white a little bit.
I see an older man.
Looks like he's drinking with a
dog. People in the window.
There's a car in the street.
Looks like a Baker.
And the man is in color and
looks like he's.
Looking at something of flame
maybe? Not sure. Or an address.
And there's a dog and there's a
man that looks surprised looking
out the window at the older man.
Then I see a woman and a little
girl looking down at the man.
With the note and in the
background there's a woman and a
man and a little girl. It looks
like out in the window and it
looks like I see a Baker, so
that must be a restaurant on the
corner.
OK.
And it looks like a woman or
young girl has a flower and
she's getting ready to give it
to somebody, maybe to the older
man. And there's another man
looking at the window with
another flower.
The old man is
walking by, so I see him now. #END_flowerman
OK, good. So that was the
story.
I hope I told a good story.
Good.
It was good to hear that.
Description of what you see is
really helpful. OK, OK, next
item. It is a longer, longer
graphic novel and the characters
are not a little, I guess
they're surreal. So you don't
have to spend a lot of time
thinking of what exactly they
are. Just move quicker and still
describe what you see because
it's a bit long.
#START_wanderer Um, I see it
man. Umm, I see two men in the
picture. It looks like it's a.
Large hat it looks like, and
they're trying to put it
together. Man has a like a
costume on with a horn and the
other man has a striped shirt
on. It looks like a hat, a
larger hat or a boat. Then I see
a boat with this smaller.
boat that they put together next
to the large boat. That's pretty
massive.
OK.
Um, I see the sailboat that they
made.
And there's birds in the
picture. So the sailboat, the
birds are flying above the
sailboat.
Then I see looks like to be
turtles and a bird. They're near
the the sailboat hat. It looks
like that the two men made.
And then a larger.
Larger fish, maybe a whale next
to the next to the boat hat, I'm
going to call it.
Yeah, looks like a whale. It
looks like the boat is on top of
the whales tail underwater
scene. I see a shark and a bunch
of other sea creatures, fish and
sea life.
Umm.
The boat is moving along.
Below the boat is a bunch again,
sea creatures and sea life
underneath. Looks like there's a
bunch of fish below the the
boat.
Um, looks like some kind of sea
creature. Underneath the boat I
see two fish kissing.
And then the boat looks like
there's a fishing pole and it
looks like it caught a fish.
Um, looks like a sea mammal.
Or what do they call those?
See seahorse? Yeah, on top of
the fish with a.
Coral reef with a bunch of other
sea life underneath. Then it
looks like there's a tail or a
eel. I'm not sure. Looks like
the seahorses on the boat now.
Umm.
They look like Pelicans.
all up in a tree. Looks like a
tree. Can't tell.
And I still see the boat looks
like to be in the ocean.
the seahorse is still on the
boat.
Sea life down below. The boat is
moving along with this seahorse
still in it, and I with the
birds, with the Pelicans I I
would say.
And a bunch of other fish sea
life down below.
All right, the boat is moving
along long.
There's a bird I see. Looks like
to be hands.
And a bunch of other sea
creatures.
Some of them look pretty pretty
dangerous.
Maybe an alligator, not sure.
Alright, I see the seahorse is
still in the.
Still on the boat, then big sea
creature down below the sea
horse is looking out and.
Next page over there's other
seahorse. There's three other
seahorses there, and it looks
like the seahorse that was on
the boat is out of the boat.
And he lost his hat.
Looks to be a big whale.
The birds on it and the boat is
next to the whale.
Looks like the whale is standing
on top of a like a bunch of
boats, or yeah, looks like a
bunch of boats. Maybe it's a it
looks like he has lobster claws,
so he looks pretty menacing. He
might have destroyed the boats
that he's standing on and he's
looking at the little boat.
That looks like a hat, OK.
OK.
The boat is moving along in the
ocean with a bunch of sea
creatures around. It looks to be
a cat jumping in the in the boat
I'm starting to see.
Different looking sea creatures
now. Zebras, elephants, tigers.
But they look like they're.
They can. They can swim.
In the ocean.
And birds. Looks like there's
birds flying fish.
And it's night time now. The
boat's moving along and there's
a bunch of fish underneath it.
Pretty stars in the background.
Looks like the fish are
surrounding the boat.
Really can't see water, but I'm
assuming it's still in water.
And it looks like it's just
surrounded it. It can't go
anywhere by the because of the
fish.
Looks like the fish let him go
and still the boat is still in
the water.
And it looks like a.
Is it the borealis?
Possibly with stars starlit sky
and the fish are jumping up, up
and up out of the water.
Could be an iceberg, not sure,
but the boat is heading towards
it.
Looks to be looks to be colder
water. Looks like there's ice
build up in in the ocean now
it's going through a some sort
of tunnel.
There's a light.
Looks to be a light that's
lighting the boat.
Still past the iceberg?
Looks like a creature that
picked up the boat with a light
on it.
OK, looks like a scuba diver.
And the boat might be in
trouble.
The larger boat, the the little
boat is going towards it.
Looks like the scuba diver is
shining a light on the bigger
boat.
OK.
Lots of birds in the picture.
Looks like maybe one of the
birds landed in the boat.
Looks like they're going towards
a factory on the water.
That has pillars that's sitting
above the water, lot of smoke
from coming out of the factory.
Men shooting rifles down at
another man on a smaller boat,
and they're shooting down on the
boat that had been traveling.
Looks like a big crane in the
background. Don't know if it's
going to attack anybody. And
then I see a man in another
scuba outfit.
Looks like to be some kind of
vessel and the boat.
Now has a raft in it, OK, and
traveling along.
Looks like the scuba diver has
has the boat.
Creatures on a horse, horses.
With a kite.
Looks like they might be
attacking the boat.
Tidal wave it looks like or a
larger wave looks like the boats
in trouble.
The creatures.
are on the water. Looks like
they're in the wave 2 as well
with a cat.
I do see a boy on a kite.
or a man two two men on a kite
and it looks like a paper
airplane. So that is a paper
boat then.
Looks like one of the creatures
is getting ready to throw the
paper airplane somewhere.
Lightning in the background
looks like a storm the paper
boats in trouble paper airplanes
flying through the air above the
water.
OK, looks like a bunch of
Donuts.
But it's not there. They're
probably sea creatures. In the
paper boats going through the
sea creatures, there is a sea
creature that did grab the the
looks like the paper airplane.
a sea animal.
Looking down.
On the paper boat.
he has a horn.
Looks like the paper boats going
right towards the sea creature
with the horn.
Looks like water is going into
the paper boat with the sea
creature. 2 sea creatures. Now.
One has a horn, one doesn't.
Then there's another one.
There's another creature.
With it looks like to be a Cape,
but it's part of the creature, I
guess wearing underwear.
Sitting on the beach, looks like
he was drinking and eating.
Ohh paper boat with jellyfish
around it surrounded by looks
like he's getting attacked by
it.
On both pages.
Um.
{Looks like the. Is this 2 pages
or or just one?}
OK, so looks like the sea boat.
I mean, the paper boat is by the
fish now and then. It looks like
it's getting ready to encounter
with another sea creature.
3 sea creatures with a light on
it. They're they're on the boat
on the paper boat. Looks like
they're looking at it. Then it
looks like there's a submarine
with the with the boat with the
paper boat.
on top of the at one of the ends
of the boat of the submarine and
it was like a scuba diver in the
upper right hand corner. Bunch
of scuba divers actually.
Either that or fish, I can't
tell.
OK.
Looks like the submarine is
coming above water.
Looks like it's actually saves
the paper, because now it's
emptying the water out of the
boat with fish below looks like
tentacles.
are attacking another boat, like
a fishing boat possibly, and the
paper boat is behind it.
Looks like sea lions or seals
there. Looks like they're
playing with the paper boat now.
It's like they're having fun
with it and a bunch of sea life.
Down below.
The paper boat is moving along
with big jellyfish underneath
with other sea creatures.
Moving along and then down below
the boat there is a looks like a
scuba diver.
With a couple of sea creatures
with them.
Looks to be.
Some sort of boat with it? I'm
not sure, but it has a suction
cup.
It looks like that's connected
to one of the fish.
Looks like a buoy with birds
coming on it, with sea creatures
all around and this scuba diver.
On a sea creature.
The paper boat is looking at is
by the lighthouse with a with a
man down below, or or a woman
and a boat and a. Two big boats
in the background. Three big
boats.
OK, I see a boat in the
background and I see.
I don't see the paper boat.
But I do see a big bridge and
other boats going towards it.
Oh, I do see the paper boat, OK.
Um, they're going towards it.
There's 1 2 3 boats and a sail,
a couple sailboats, one big
sailboat in the back.
The paper boat is moving along.
It's encountering another boat.
It looks like a fishing boat and
a sailboat next to it.
And a large boat in the
background.
Looks like it might collide with
it with the with the submarine
down below.
Uh.
Looks like a large whale coming
in contact with the with the
fishing boat and a small motor
boat down below by the buoy
And a man being lifted up in a
crane up to the up to the whale.
Looks like the paper boat is
back in the picture next to the
big boat.
Umm.
Bunch of people on the dock, it
looks like by two bigger boats
and then a smaller boat like a
fishing boat.
Um.
Paper boat is moving along,
encountering another boat.
With the dock, with the crane
lifting up crates.
Looks like it's in a dock area
now.
Like in some sort of boat yard
Looks like the submarine.
Looks like a submarine? I can't
tell, but I see a man and a
woman on the dock. Looks like
it's on a pier with the crane
moving the submarine, it looks
like.
Umm.
Looks like it looks like an
animal.
And the paper boat is going next
to the looks like a fishing
boat. Then there's a net, looks
like there's a sea creature in
there.
And and a man could be a
fisherman or just a boatman.
And then in a boat, the boat,
the paper boat is going up to a
dock.
With a man on the steps.
Looks like it's.
Getting ready to dock again,
possibly.
Looks like a night scene. The
paper boat is in an area. It
looks like a like a canal.
The city now, so I guess it's
getting ready to dock with a
boat going past it.
Looks like there's a something
with wings.
That's getting ready to step off
the tower.
OK.
All right, the paper boat is.
Still in the water, but it's on
by a dock with a looks like the
big creatures, the scuba man and
a cat.
The creature that was on a horse
with a horn.
It looks like a jester is on a
step welcoming the boat
Looks like the boat's gone
through a canal and there's
there's a man there sitting on
the step with people in the
background on top of the step.
Looks like the the the paper
boats making its way through the
canal now.
Uh.
Coming across another vessel and
fish looking at it, they look
like they're they're surprised.
It looks like a small fishing
boat that's docked to the left
of the boat.
Under the canal.
That is a house that's lit up by
a lamppost.
Up on a brick dock it looks like
and the boat looks like it's
docking and a man is getting out
of the boat and going up the
steps and I see feet at the top
of the dock.
For four legs. #END_wanderer
The story let's take a 10
minute break, OK? Come back at
5:25.
Thank you.
OK. So we're moving on to the
next items. We have 26 in
total.
And we're on 18 right now.
This is a graphic novel, so
please describe what you see as
you go through the story. OK?
#START_arrival_1 I see a man and
a woman, husband and wife for
the child, a daughter.
it is a picture.
It looks like they're wrapping
it up, maybe sending it as a
gift.
Umm.
OK. And then a.
Picture of a bird, a clock, a
hat.
Some sort of cooking where
cookware?
A picture of the.
A picture that somebody drew of
the of the man and the woman and
the child a teapot, it looks
like or kettle.
A cup of coffee or tea, probably
tea, looks like to be a picture
of a boat.
Looks like somebody's going to
travel somewhere or sending
something off and a picture of
the man and the woman and the
child. A daughter, I guess.
It looks like a man and a woman
are getting ready to.
Either open up or send.
Something out. It looks like a
suitcase, so somebody's going on
trip.
Looks like the daughter is
waking, sleeping, waking up,
having breakfast. She might be
going on a trip. A man looks
like he's leaving. The woman had
gotten dressed. Looks like she's
getting the girl ready to go
somewhere. It looks like all
three of them are going on a
trip and they're walking down
the street.
And there's a shadow of a
dragon, it looks like in the
background.
Uh, looks like the girl might be
a little scared. She's holding
on to her parents hand real
tight. They've gotten to the
train station.
Looks like the man is talking to
the daughter. Uh, he's trying to
make a laugh for the paper bird
and his and his head looks like
he's going to give it to her.
{I'm going to move this real
quick.}
Um, looks like the mother is
upset.
Looks like the father is saying
goodbye to his family, to the to
his wife and to his child as he
boards the train.
The man is sitting, eating,
looking at the picture of his
family.
Looks like he's having soup for
dinner.
Now he looks like he's on a
boat.
So he went from a train to a
boat
And he is still
on transportation here he is
going somewhere on a trip. #END_arrival_1
That was that part of the
story. Now we can move on to the
next item. It's also a story.
Um, again, describe what you see
and what is happening.
#START_journey OK, I see boys
high five each other on a bike
and a girl on a skateboard and
another boy.
Standing there on the street
looks like he has a skateboard
or some kind of motorbike.
Looks a little depressed, maybe
looking for a friend?
And then I see a man in an
apartment sitting at his
computer.
And it looks like a.
Girl sitting on a couch looking
at something, maybe something on
her phone, and it looks like the
mother's cooking.
Um, looks like the mother is
making dinner and the little
girl or a little boy is by the
mother. Looks like she's busy on
the phone cooking the man. I
guess the father is busy on his
computer and it looks like the
girl wants to play or the boy
wants to play. Looks like his
sister is looking at a camera.
And it looks like the little boy
wants to play with somebody. Now
he's sitting in his room
depressed
I'll call the child because I
can't tell if it's a boy or
girl.
sitting in his room
With the cat relaxing.
Umm.
The child looks startled. The
cat walks out of the room, looks
like papers blew over.
Now it looks like.
The child is getting ready to
Draw Something on a wall, a door
to escape.
Looks like he's in a fantasy
land now. Out of a tree came out
of the tree and a fantasy land
with lights with lots of lights.
Looks pretty interesting.
OK.
standing on the child, standing
on it on a dock.
With the something that he drew
with it earlier, see something
in the water, now it's drawing a
boat on a dock. It's going to go
on a boat off the dock.
The boat that he drew.
And it looks like he's entering
a Moat and a big castle. Pretty
adventurous.
And he looks like he entered
into the castle.
Looks like he's being welcomed
by officers or soldiers and
still on the boat.
And there looks to be like a
water canal.
With other boats and people on
it.
Hmm.
Alright, looks like the child
has gone off the waterfall.
Looks pretty steep drawing a not
sure what he's drawing.
But it is above the boat.
Ohh is it a balloon? People
waving goodbye.
Now he's on another little
episode here with.
Looks like to be a boat in the
sky.
So he's flying above the clouds
now.
Still on the balloon that he
drew.
Looks like to be another air
vessel up in the air and then
down below.
It looks like to be a big vessel
still still above the clouds,
and then it looks like a.
Man pointing a gun.
And some kind of boat that's in
the air with three other
creatures and a bird flying.
{Can you describe a little bit
more of what's happening here?}
Yeah, it looks like the king is
on a some kind of air vessel or
blimp or balloon itself and it
looks like the.
One of the men on the boat has a
net. Looks like it wants to
capture the bird. Possibly.
It looks like the bird and there
was a bird cage on the on the
boat, so they were trying to get
the bird back I guess.
The child is now is in the
balloon and it sees the.
vessel with the three men. The
one man looks like he's pointing
a gun, and it looks like the
creature I thought it was a
bird.
Is in a cage and it's being
lifted up into another vessel,
air vessel.
And then?
The vessel is moving along up in
the clouds.
With the gold.
Looks like a statue.
On on the boat.
Looks like the boy is running
away or came off the balloon.
Still has the crayon or marker
that he's using the magic his
magic Draw pen. I guess you want
to call it. He's moving. He
landed on the big vessel.
Now that looks like the bird is
that's in a bird cage is being
guarded by two soldiers, and the
boy is climbing up a ladder,
possibly to save the to save the
bird.
Yeah. The boy grabbed the bird
cage along with the bird, and
the soldiers are running after
him.
And the boy let.
the bird go the bird is free and
the soldiers are running after
the boy.
Looks like they captured the
boy, but the bird is gone and
his magic pen or Crayon is is
fell and there's a soldier who
who looked like he threw it off.
Now it looks like they have the
boy and the bird cage in the
vessel.
It's taking the boy away.
Looks like the bird saved his
magic pen or crayon.
He's coming back for the boy,
probably to rescue so the boy
could Draw Something else to
free him and the bird away from
there.
Looks like he's very happy.
And it looks like the boy is
drawing something with the bird
next to him.
Possibly to plan their escape to
get out of there.
I see the bird cage sitting
above and now the boys on magic
carpet and he's flying through
the air. Looks like he's just
escaping along with the bird.
{No comment on also the
background.} The background
there's a city below looks like
the castle over a city.
With.
I see people and horse.
Camel.
And the boys flying above the
city.
Now he looks like he's.
On a magic carpet.
Very pretty sky, and it looks
like the bird is free as well,
and it looks like they're not in
trouble anymore.
Looks like they might be going.
I'm not sure where they're
going.
Maybe part of a desert?
The boys had a tree. He's down
on the ground. He's had a tree
with a door. The bird helped him
get there.
Looks like he's going to open up
the door window. The boys going
through it looks like the bird
went through already.
And there's the boy. Looks like
he's back in his city, looks
like he's happy, and the bird is
flying towards a boy with his
magic crayon. And the boy is
holding the bird.
Looks like his bird is
Looks like he gave him back his
bird. The boy with the red
crayon drew something and said
the boy in purple. I'm not sure
what it is. It looks like a
ring.
They're on a bike
together. Looks like they're
going to go somewhere with the
bird falling in the background. #END_journey
So that was the story.
OK, move on to the next item.
Complexity. OK.
Sorry, complex scene.
#START_by_the_lake I see people
in a pyramid water ski with
balloons in the background
buildings.
Oh, I see. Do I see Penguins?
I see men in boats with with
oars on it on a sea dragon boat.
People looks like they're having
a good time on the dock with a
ladder, sunbathing banana boat,
boys on bikes off land, a
mermaid, animals and other
people on a rowboat.
Trying to see the Penguins?
There's a dog happy to see his
owner, her man playing a guitar
on a boat.
Bunch of people. There's people
playing soccer, a little kids
and a pool building it, building
a sandcastle.
People dancing.
Lot of water sports.
Going on.
Lot of splashing around and
everything from Row boats to jet
skis to paddle boards.
Looks like a man's barbecuing in
the background with his friends.
Volleyball game going on
I know there's Penguins in this
picture, but I can't see them.
I don't see any Penguins. I see
a scuba diver.
The snorkel. I mean snorkel, I
should say.
Hmm.
People jumping off the dock.
More paddle boards. Little
sailboat. Oh, I do see Penguins.
OK, there's there is a Penguin.
But.
Looks like
behind the Penguin there's a man
with a net. I don't know if he's
trying to capture the Penguin or
not. #END_by_the_lake
Yeah.
Alright.
Chennai.
Things you need to put this
on.
Gonna put on the few last items
onto this slide show.
OK.
Cancel for a couple minutes,
OK?
Alright.
OK.
Ready. I'm ready when you are.
OK.
Let's go ahead to the next
item.
Let's see.
Alright.
#START_campsite I see a canal
with tents and people. Looks
like a man is gone to the
bathroom in a tent.
Um, bodybuilders on a boat going
through the canal.
Bunch of RV's and.
Mobile homes, it looks like.
Boy Scouts are there by the
Canal People, Boys on bikes,
joggers in the background. Looks
like a campsite for sure.
I see a bull and couple bulls.
In an area.
Looks like.
Looks like a little bit of a
bull fight.
I do see a shark in the canal.
Lots of tents, people drinking.
Looks like at night. Looks like
a hippies tent.
Uh.
Looks like a man is trying to
blow up a raft or boat.
Men fishing mermaids.
It's definitely a campsite for
sure.
I see Waldo.
I see. Waldo by one of the
tents.
Right around here. Where is he?
There he is.
Um.
A man a woman's reading a man
something looks like there's
hikers.
It looks like a boy fell down on
his backpack.
People just sitting.
Indians in a tent.
Um, I see Bunny rabbits.
And.
Hikers a man playing guitar.
No.
{Did you really talk about this
part?}
there's
Boy Scouts there, it looks like.
And I see Waldo again, it looks
like right here.
Fishing, it looks like a man hit
another man.
Punch them in the face.
Umm.
People setting up tent.
And I see another bull on the
campgrounds, up top of man
barbecuing boys in the
background on bikes. All kind of
bikes.
A man and a woman
walking. #END_campsite
Yeah. OK, good.
So we're going to move on to
the next one. It's a part of the
book graphic novel.
OK.
#START_arrival_2 All right,
looks like a man and a woman.
Maybe, maybe a boy. And then I
see three men with hats on.
And I see a woman holding a
baby. It looks like looks like a
man is writing something like a
journal.
Oh, he's making another paper
bird.
Looks like he's gone on another
trip, looking up in the sky.
He's on a boat with lots of
birds above the boat with lots
of people.
He's traveling somewhere.
Looks like a city with two big.
Figures with animals on their
arm and on their back.
Looks like they're on boats and
people that are on a boat and
there's other boats in the in
the dock it looks, I mean in a
in a Bay.
Ocean liners and it looks like
the ocean liner has a lot of
people and they're looking up at
the at these two big creatures.
Like, yeah, there's a big city
in the background with vessels.
They look like they're like
small sailboats. Large, large
vessels.
They look some look like they're
docked some look like they're
moving.
And there's a big city in the
background.
Big ocean liner on the water and
a couple of small boats.
Off to its side.
Looks like the man is traveling
on the boat.
Umm.
They're letting him on the boat.
Yeah, it's his lug, his
suitcase, and then there's a
bunch of other people waiting to
board the boat as well.
or boarding on or off, I can't tell. #END_arrival_2
OK, moving on. We're gonna see
the next one. It's a complex
scene.
OK, uh.
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
I see aliens, spacemen, boats,
lots of lots of spaceships.
Caveman on a volcano. Dinosaur
down below so it looks like a
combination of the future and
the past. Lots of dinosaurs down
below.
On the left hand side, there's
there's there's Cavemen and
dinosaurs.
And then
To the right I see spacecraft
with the spaceman.
They look like they're in water
down below. I can't tell.
With some creatures and some
lights. Theatrical lights.
Looks like there is a
Pastry shop or some kind of
Baker.
Down below, people are waiting.
People in trees.
The dinosaur I see a mummy and
ghouls, I guess. Ghosts and
goblins maybe?
And with the picture theatrical
lighting.
A lot of different costumes.
I see it looks like to be a
movie director, so it looks like
a movie set to me.
Um.
What they're doing, I'm not
sure.
Yeah, then it looks like there's
actors down here.
Getting ready to go on set,
maybe having, you know, getting
ready to go.
So it looks like a movie set.
Between the two, between the
space and then what happened
like like a futuristic maybe and
then another one with the.
Back in the day with the Cavemen
and dinosaurs. #END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
All right.
Moving on to the next item.
#START_picture_this OK, I see
portraits of animals.
Wrestlers.
OK, I see a
portrait of a of a man leaning
up against a palm tree.
knights portrait of a knight.
I see Waldo.
A man with a suitcase and an
umbrella. A horse, a camel.
It looks like a dragon picture
of a dragon looks like a muscle
builder.
A man with a lot of hats on his
head.
A man being dragged by a dog.
a bear with a man with a
Caveman it looks like.
Looks like a woman is
Pouring water over men laying
down.
I see somebody with a slingshot,
somebody in the back.
It's like a man tripped.
And is falling.
See man with a
backpack like a hiker looks like
a like a like a lot of people
are traveling somewhere or going
somewhere.
A man on skis with a hood. #END_picture_this
OK.
We can move on to the next
one.
#START_waldo_1 OK, it's a city
scene. Lots of people in the
background, cars, I see a fire,
a fire department.
A man working on his car.
Lots of people walking either by
themselves or with somebody else
with a partner or water fountain
and a snorkel. A person with a
snorkel, snorkel gear, fishing
gear on. I mean not fishing,
swimming gear in in the water
fountain, people looking at
them.
I see Waldo again. I see a man
on a motorbike. A city scene.
Man walking in a building, 2
men. It looks like they have
mops or on top of a rooftop with
another man.
I see an accident with a car
hitting a truck.
A city scene with a man at a
restaurant that looks like a
waiter pouring pouring wine.
Yeah.
Now the fire engine in the
background with the fireman on
top, people on on a roof.
With a dog on top of the roof.
Uh.
Down below we have a.
Looks like a little florist shop
plants.
A man playing a violin.
From another man on a on a
motorcycle.
Umm.
Boy on a bike waving.
And two people looking out a
window there looks like they're.
Fist bumping fist pump.
Dogs.
Umm.
A man looks like he's washing
windows.
Umm.
In the background up top there
looks like a man just fell off
his bike. Two men. They might
have collided with each other.
Possibly an ambulance coming to the rescue. #END_waldo_1
Uh.
That's it. OK. OK. So we're
going to go to our last item.
It's a story, OK.
#START_quest OK, looks like a
statue in a park and two boys on
a bike with the bird with the
purple bird and another boy
reaching for a bird.
With his hand out.
Looks like they're waiting by a
door for something to come out.
Looks like a.
Sorcerer or some kind of king
with a magic draw.
Instrument showing them a
picture of something and it
looks like both boys have.
There magic pen.
The purple bird flying above.
The king is setting them off
somewhere.
But he's being dragged in. The
king is being dragged in by
soldiers again, and the boys
are.
With the bird.
And it looks like the king is.
Being held captive and the boys
are off to the side looking with
the bird.
You see, maybe. What's going to
happen? Well, look like they're
going to Draw Something. Maybe
to get the king out again. The
bird is on one boy's shoulder.
Looks like they have another pen
or magic draw.
The drawing something by the
door, oh, it looks like a key
drawn, a key to get the man out.
I mean the king out. And now
they're they were able to open
up the door and go in and the
birds falling.
Looks like a castle. Very large
castle. The boys are outside the
castle.
In a water area.
Off in the distance they see the
they see the king is on a boat
being held captive and there's
flying vessels.
It's like part of the castles on
fire too as well.
Looks like the boys have a map
and they see that the king is in
the background being held
captive, and the bird is with
the boys and it looks like
they're planning something.
Umm.
Looks like a story of a map of
where they're going to head
next.
Umm.
Looks like a city, but they're
pointing to.
A monument it looks like. I
don't know if they have to go
through to the mountain and then
the city and then somewhere in
the on on a on an island.
Uh, looks like the following the
the castle still looks like it's
on fire.
The boys are hiding behind her
along with along with the bird.
It looks like the soldiers are
pointing. Maybe they see the
boys and they want to capture
the bird again and there's a
bird cage.
The boys are on a rock now with
their drawing.
They're drawing something else.
To go underwater with it looks
like a squid or an octopus.
OK, they're with the like a
flying octopus, I guess with
scuba gear on that they drew a
lot, looks like the bird too as
well. And it looks like they're
going to the monument. Maybe
that's where the king is and it
looks like it's underwater.
There's a soldiers, looks like
they're after the boys. They're
holding on to the octopus that
they drew. The bird has a scoop.
The bird has a air tank too as
well.
And it looks like the boys are
being chased by the soldiers.
{There's a another piece. Oh,
I'm sorry, I didn't see this. I
got. I went right to hear.}
Yeah, it's a looks like a shell
that the boys found something
with the bird.
And it looks like they grabbed
it. I'm not sure.
And then they're off and running
away from the soldiers
underneath the water. All right,
they made it to the island.
They're running away. The bird
is with them, and it looks like
they're drawing.
Another escape, or maybe
another, or an animal maybe? I'm
not sure what they're drawing,
but.
To help them get away on the
island.
A rhino, I should have known.
It looks like they're going
towards some kind of pyramid or
buildings.
With the rhino, that's their
transportation right now. In the
background I see birds and
another monument and in the
water, so maybe that's where the
boys are going. It looks like
they have to cross the bridge.
They are crossing a bridge with
the bird.
And they're getting ready to go
on to the monument, it looks
like, or lighthouse.
Uh, they're on top of the, I'm
going to call it a lighthouse.
And the soldiers are chasing
them. They're drawing something
else, maybe to fly away. I'm
guessing one boy is drawing
something in purple, and the
other boys drawing something in
red.
Let's see what they're gonna do,
OK? They got away from the
soldiers. They they attached the
they drew a swing and the bird
is flying them away.
Hopefully to safety.
It looks like they made it to
some kind of monument again.
Looks like the soldiers are
still after them.
Uh.
They're on top of the monument
right now. Now they have 123456
magic pens.
They look happy, so they don't
look like they're being. They
may not be. They may be out of
trouble right now.
Uh, no, they're not.
Soldiers are after them. They're
grabbing for the bird. They
still have the bird cage that
the boys look like. They're in
trouble on top of the monument.
Don't know if the boys got away
or not, but.
The
Yeah, looks like the boys are on
top of a monument again.
The soldiers look like they
didn't get on, the boys look
happy, now there is a rainbow A
rainbow that the bird drew in
there. Looks like they're on
their way.
out of trouble, but the soldiers
still have the bird cage.
The soldiers look like they're
in trouble.
There's a rainbow in the
background, and there's the
king.
And looks like soldiers are
being tossed off the boat and it
looks like the king is going to
be saved by the bird.
And and the boys.
They're in a city, the birds
flying above. There's the king
and the boys are on the rhino.
And it looks like they're safe.
And it looked like they rescued
the king.
And a lot of people.
Are happy looks like they're
happy that they found them.
Looks like the boys got the king
to safety. There's a waterfall
and I see the bird in the
background.
The king is with the the boys
are smiling and the king is
drawing something. He just
crowned the one of the boys for
saving him, and it looks like
he's thanking them and they're
waving goodbye.
And the boys are back in the
city with the rainbow. They look
like they both have crowns that
were given to them by the king.
As a gift. #END_quest
End of the story and the end of
this study, OK.